Our agenda is, as before, for me to open the meeting,. for us to go over the previous minutes,. then for the two of you to present your prototype. and for you to Sarah present the evaluation criteria. We then have a finance aspect,. And I know what you're all thinking of, oh my,. because we're only given a forty minute time period to get it all in, including the production evaluation. So we're going to make a very fast track. each of you made your presentations. we discussed the various possibilities based on what was presented in those presentations. The market trend of fruit and veg, spongy, fancy and elegant more than technologically innovative and that more than easy. we decided chip on print would be used. we would use plastic with a rubber casing, I think was the consensus,. powered by kinetic energy. There was no decision made on the curvatures or double curvature or straight. looking like a scroll,. but it's really a push button technology, excuse my spelling that was actually in use,. we decided that separate fashionable covers covering your fruit and veg might be a separate product. and as suggested yellow with black buttons with the company logo, a slogan and image might be a good idea based on the requirements that have been provided to us. and we had some conflict of ideas and cost constraints. we're down to the prototype presentation.
Well you see,. each made one,. This is the one that I made. It is curved, easy to hold, hand-held, nice and small with big easy buttons. This is like a scroll,. but they are push buttons. and they enter takes you into the different menus. And it's gonna have the logo imprinted on it in there. the function of these buttons is up, down, left and right in the different menus. The main feature of it is just a simple design, simple,. lack of buttons all over the place. Form curved, kind of smooth, hand-held,. material, I think Kate's gonna tackle that quite a bit,. but I think we have two different options,. because we did make a another one,. which wa is in the shape of banana,. if you can imagine this as yellow with black buttons, like just like this but in the shape of a banana,. which is also nice. and easy to hold. and has a similar sort of scroll push button technology,. just a slightly different design. I had envisioned it in hard smooth plastic. Whereas otherwise we'd thought, like with this one. a more spongy rubber cover with spongy buttons. we have the two options we can follow, either the smooth hard plastic or the spongy rubber, depending on cost restraints. colour, I think I definitely have a preference towards bright yellow with black buttons,. but if anybody's got any other suggestions, I'm quite willing to consider them as well. maybe, Kate, you better say what you think about them.
I don't have very much to add. The the case can be either spongy rubber or hard plastic. We're not absolutely sure about a combination of the two,. We have simple rubber push buttons
I thin as for as for the fruit or organic theme, I guess this one is obviously fruit shaped. This one has no obvious connections to fruit,. it kinda makes you think sort of organic, touchy-feely, kiddie,. you'd expect it to be like a child's sorta toy remote control instead of a real one,
Would you care to examine the prototypes, see how they feel in the hand?
I could see this thing, unless it's reinforced, having a problem with the
That's why hard plastic would be quite a good thing for it,
I like the fact that on both of them the keys play such a prominent role.
Yeah, we really like we really like that design,
And it's a very simple design,
I mean the thing is we do need to develop our technology of I mean actually how to program the menus. and what sort of, you know, text box is gonna appear at the bottom of the screen,
This is going to be a heavily interactive evaluation,. this means we're going to go over the priorities that were raised by the consumers. a as well as incorporate all of our insight into this evaluation exercise. I'm going to go and use the whiteboard,. and I've made a list of criteria to look at,. but for the evaluation it's going to be one is true and seven is false, going over these different criteria,. fancy, technologically innovative, easy to use, trendy, buttons, excess buttons, good buttons, ugly, sellable, and other. And in fact I hope that you all introduce some additional terms,. some of them seem rather close,
What about price, is that gonna go on there as well? Price of materials.
We'll put price up at the top.
Not that we actually know anything about it,
Wha how do we feel in terms of is this fancy?
It depends what what you mean by fancy really,. I'd call these quite minimalist,
A plain, simple, clean design.
It is heavily reliant on appearance instead of pure functionality,. I think just maybe we need a different word other than fancy,. like stylish or aesthetic.
In terms of elegant, fancy. we'll call it EF, do we do we think that perhaps and maybe we should say the yellow?
They're both yellow with black buttons,. but if you can just imagine banana shape with these bits as black. So what we re really need to decide is whether we want the actual banana shape or just a a purely blob or some sort of abstraction in between the two. but that isn't actually recognisable as a banana, you know, with the grooves and the stalk and stuff,
I think that many of us are abstract enough to look at the yellow one and say we'll call it the banana. And of the two I really like I I like the banana,
That's maybe not something we have to decide just right now,
I think between the two, somewhere between the two is true. It's more true than false, about a two.
I think we're using simple components that are gonna be robust but not particularly innovative.
We'll say we'll say false. Easy to use. trendy, and I say specifically spongy fruity.
Maybe only a two or a three then,. we still haven't decided about specific sponginess or specific
We have the worry about how robust it will be if it's it's curved as a banana but spongy.
Yeah, I don't really think that's gonna work,
Are there excess buttons? That is false. good, well designed buttons, intuitive buttons.
Better, more intuitive buttons, yes.
I think they're different,
It is quite it is quite quirky I think. It could be quite a good brand, like a good little object.
Could we say it's cost saving?
We also need tho think about the energy. Is it the kinetic energy? it is gonna be environmentally friendly with the kinetic energy. but we haven't completely developed that side of it yet,
Do you have any idea about price or other features?
I think our instinct is that it should be pretty cheap to develop.
So true one
I would say maybe a two,
And I'm gonna actually change a couple of these. instead of ugly I'm gonna say it's attractive. and then make that true,. 'cause I have to do an average. And then excess buttons.
Just putting no excess buttons.
So it doesn't ruin the polarity.
See if we're technologically innovative, I'd say it is quite innovative,. because there aren't really many that have this menu idea instead of all the extra buttons. I mean I know we're not doing anything involving internet or speech recognition. but but we are at the upper end of the push button market.
Let me know if if any of these if you if you all can think of any other thing to change here if you th if you think I should change the innovative or add other features. If not I'll average those.
And the next big thing is the finance.
And I'll figure out the average here. Thank you for everyone's help with that.
And we're going to raise what's called a sp a spreadsheet. it says fill in the number of components you plan to use in your device. Hand dynamo, battery, kinetic, solar cells.
Just kinetic then,.
Electronic simple chip on print, and we'll need one of those.
'cause we've just got push buttons,
And we only need one of those. the case will be uncurved and flat or a single curve or a double curve. It looks like it single curve,
What does double curved mean, I don't understand.
I I think you it means you reverse the curve. you can do a banana in single curve,
Case material supplements. Plastic, wood, rubber, titanium, special colour.
I just wanna say plastic.
We had the special colour.
I mean I I still quite like the idea of combining plastic and rubber myself,
Okay. We'll come back, if we can, to the rubber being added. Button supplements, they'll be in a special colour of black. And the buttons Wha what is the buttons made of, rubber?
Does tha does special material mean that plastic is not a special material? 'Cause I think they can be plastic. Yeah. They could be plastic,. we don't have to have rubber buttons,
And the total cost has been calculated as nine Pounds twenty out of the twelve and a half we were allowed. go to the project evaluation, next slide. the project process, satisfaction with, for example, the room for creativity. means, of having whiteboard, the digital pens and all that kind of good things.
Yeah, yeah, the Play-Doh was best, I thought.
'cause I mean it's so hard to describe what you mean just with words and pointing at photographs and saying, well we quite want this, but imagine it rounder.
We went over all those things. and we're satisfied with all the above. did we find any new ideas?
I think with the marketing element of fruit shaped I I mean I that really opened my eyes.
And I'd never heard of the kinetic energy before,. Good work as a design team,
I'm not sure all the wires are really great though.
Are the costs within the budget? Is the project evaluated?
I can give you a number,. the average evaluation score is one point eight eight,. There were six true or ones,. two almost true or close to true,. and then one false, seven points,
And the the only false one is because we've chosen to keep a simple old technology,. which if it works perfectly well I see no point in improving on if it works,
And we've therefore we have to do the final questionnaire and do the meeting summary,. I have a final report to present,. and then we're done. I believe that is the end of our meeting.